It seems he is somewhat capable.
But it doesn't matter. The difficulty is all due to my father,
All it takes is a phone call from my dad,
It can all be done. You wait.
OK, I'll wait.
Say something, Aunt Feng, please don’t destroy your parts.
You don’t blame Xiao Jin, do you?
No, Aunt Feng, I love you and make him suffer for himself.
To put it bluntly, even if your parts are greatly different from each other,
Aunt Feng also paid tribute to Rong Rong,
Not at home.
Aunt Feng, I don’t need to melt and bear the burden,
As long as I can be with Xiao Jin, I will go to the streets with him to collect rags every day.
I do too.
you are a good girl
The lady will treat you well
Is the question wrong? What happened?
No need to worry
My dad has sent someone to Joe
And she heard
There is a person who wants to steal my bride and is very affectionate
Do you want to live it in person?
Go away. Even if you beat people, you have to come here in person.
That's of course my business
Of course my dad has to do it himself
The difficulty is that dad comes forward
Who dares not to stop thinking about it?
Wait for my dad to come over
You are sure
He comes over and grabs you directly
It's okay to let you lose to the point where you are
I was just like offending someone by using him as a guard